== v0.2.1

* Obsolete setters removed.
* README updates.

== v0.2.0

* Bumped the version number.

== v0.1.14

* +dynamo_schema+ is now available to declare and create DynamoDB tables and attributes.
* +create+ and +update+ now take validation options.

== v0.1.13

* Exception RecordInvalid shamelessly lifted from ActiveRecord.

== v0.1.12

* Validation for save and save! now works.

== v0.1.11

* Type casting attribute values at assign time.
* Added destroy!
* First versions of read_attribute and write_attribute.
* @attributes is now a normal hash, with string keys.
* Base class split up into several source files.
* Added read_attribute_for_validation. Some renames.

== v0.1.10

* Exception hierarchy mirroring ActiveRecord.
* Save rescues only RecordInvalid.
* Protected method perform_validations added, for further reorg.

== v0.1.9

* "field" is now "attribute".

== v0.1.8

* Sets of integers and floats work now. Edge case involving defaults eliminated.

== v0.1.7

* String sets serialised and deserialised correctly. More to come for the other set types. 
  Might need to introduce a :set data type in order to avoid deserialising [] as "" (which
  are, after all, equivalent).

== v0.1.6

* Initialisation improved.

== v0.1.5

* Loading and inheritance class variable issue solved.

== v0.1.4

* :string defaulting now correct. 

== v0.1.3

* #delete and #destroy no longer freeze the instance. 

== v0.1.2

* OceanDynamo#valid? now takes #new_record? into account. 
* Documentation changes.

== v0.1.1

* Documentation changes.

== v0.1.0

* Initial release via Rubygems.org.

